#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin /Users/drosen/Dropbox/repos/mlcourse/Notes/
\textclass beamer
\begin_preamble
\usetheme{CambridgeUS} 
\beamertemplatenavigationsymbolsempty


\AtBeginSection[]{
  \begin{frame}
  \vfill
  \centering
  \begin{beamercolorbox}[sep=8pt,center,shadow=true,rounded=true]{title}
    \usebeamerfont{title}\insertsectionhead\par%
  \end{beamercolorbox}
  \vfill
  \end{frame}
}
\end_preamble
\options aspectratio=169,handout
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "times" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "eulervm" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Sorry this was confusing.
 When we write 
\begin_inset Formula $x\in\mathbb{R}^{d}$
\end_inset

, we're thinking of 
\begin_inset Formula $x$
\end_inset

 as a vector.
 When we want to think of a vector as a matrix, then our convention is indeed
 to think of 
\begin_inset Formula $x$
\end_inset

 as a column vector, which is a matrix with one column.
 We'd make this explicit by writing 
\begin_inset Formula $x\in\mathbb{R}^{d\times1}$
\end_inset

.
 So yes, the design matrix is
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
\begin{pmatrix}- & x_{1}^{T} & -\\
- & x_{2}^{T} & -\\
- & x_{n}^{T} & -
\end{pmatrix},
\]

\end_inset

where 
\begin_inset Formula $x_{1},\ldots,x_{n}\in\mathbb{R}^{d\times1}$
\end_inset

.
 But given our convention, I see 
\begin_inset Formula $x_{1}\ldots,x_{n}\in\mathbb{R}^{d}$
\end_inset

 as equivalent.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Anyway, notation is very important.
 And I will take your concern under advisement.
 I'll let you know if I decide to change the notation.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
